tests/c2_e2e_test/README.md, before:

# Codec2.0 End-to-end Test

## Manually run the test

You need to be running Android with v4l2_codec2 (e.g. ARC++, ARCVM) to run the
tests. Make sure the device under test (DUT) is connected with adb.

1.  Build the e2e test

    ```
    (From the android tree)
    $ mmm external/v4l2_codec2/tests/c2_e2e_test
    ```

2.  Install the test app and grant the necessary permissions

    ```
    (Outside CrOS chroot)
    $ adb install \
      out/target/product/bertha_x86_64/testcases/C2E2ETest/x86_64/C2E2ETest.apk
    $ adb shell pm grant \
      org.chromium.c2.test android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
    $ adb shell pm grant \
      org.chromium.c2.test android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
    ```

3.  Run E2E tests

    (1) Push the test stream and frame-wise MD5 file to DUT

    ```
    $ adb push test-25fps.h264 /sdcard/Download
    $ adb push test-25fps.h264.frames.md5 /sdcard/Download
    ```

    (2) Run the test binary

    ```
    $ adb shell am start -n \
        org.chromium.c2.test/.E2eTestActivity \
        --esa test-args [test-arg]... \
        --es log-file "/sdcard/Download/gtest_logs.txt"'
    ```

    (3) View the test output

    ```
    $ adb shell cat /sdcard/Download/gtest_logs.txt
    ```

Required test-args:

    test_video_data=<format> : see arc_accel_video.go in the chromeos tree for format

Optional test-args:

    output_frames_path=path : path at which to save decoded frame data
    loop : if present, videos loop until the activity is signaled with a new intent (e.g.
           `adb shell am start -n .../.E2eTestActivity --activity-single-top`)
    use_sw_decoder : if present, use a software decoder instead of a hardware decoder
    gtest arguments : see gtest documentation

Example of test-args:

    --esa test-args "--test_video_data=/sdcard/Download/test-25fps.h264:320:240:250:258:::1:25",\
                    "--gtest_filter=C2VideoDecoderSurfaceE2ETest.TestFPS",--use_sw_decoder

Commit message:

Port c2 e2e encoder tests
The new files are more or less directly copied from the cros tree. The
changes are fixing import paths, hooking up to the jni instead of main,
removing some code targeting N, and reformatting.

Unlike the decoder tests, the encoder tests do not currently benefit
from being in the Android tree. However, porting the tests prevents the
need to duplicate the helper code between Android and cros, and it
unifies how the two sets of tests are built and run.

Test: run encoder tests based on README.md
Bug: 144681449

Change-Id: I7600cae82693ff6994770954243ec128acdada36
(cherry picked from commit c63a8aac405092c2928408b721d18607503bca21)

tests/c2_e2e_test/README.md, after:

# Codec2.0 End-to-end Test

## Manually run the test

You need to be running Android with v4l2_codec2 (e.g. ARC++, ARCVM) to run the
tests. Make sure the device under test (DUT) is connected with adb.

1.  Build the e2e test

    ```
    (From the android tree)
    $ mmm external/v4l2_codec2/tests/c2_e2e_test
    ```

2.  Install the test app and grant the necessary permissions

    ```
    (Outside CrOS chroot)
    $ adb install \
      out/target/product/bertha_x86_64/testcases/C2E2ETest/x86_64/C2E2ETest.apk
    $ adb shell pm grant \
      org.chromium.c2.test android.permission.WRITE_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
    $ adb shell pm grant \
      org.chromium.c2.test android.permission.READ_EXTERNAL_STORAGE
    ```

3.  Run E2E tests

    (1) Push the test stream and frame-wise MD5 file to DUT

    ```
    $ adb push test-25fps.h264 /sdcard/Download
    $ adb push test-25fps.h264.frames.md5 /sdcard/Download
    ```

    (2) Run the test binary

    ```
    $ adb shell am start -n \
        org.chromium.c2.test/.E2eTestActivity \
        --ez do-encode [true|false] \
        --esa test-args [test-arg]... \
        --es log-file "/sdcard/Download/gtest_logs.txt"'
    ```

    where do-encode controls whether the encoder or decoder tests are run.

    (3) View the test output

    ```
    $ adb shell cat /sdcard/Download/gtest_logs.txt
    ```

Required test-args:

    test_video_data=<format> : see arc_accel_video.go in the chromeos tree for format

Optional test-args:

    output_frames_path=path : path at which to save decoded frame data
    loop : if present, videos loop until the activity is signaled with a new intent (e.g.
           `adb shell am start -n .../.E2eTestActivity --activity-single-top`)
    use_sw_decoder : if present, use a software decoder instead of a hardware decoder
    gtest arguments : see gtest documentation

Example of test-args:

    --esa test-args "--test_video_data=/sdcard/Download/test-25fps.h264:320:240:250:258:::1:25",\
                    "--gtest_filter=C2VideoDecoderSurfaceE2ETest.TestFPS",--use_sw_decoder
